Despite all recent feedback, Leclerc will be returning on [DATA EXPUNGED]
Did you know?
Gah-Jeelius social security number is..
Tracy is canonically 9 foot.
Dreary is actually Leclerc in a skin suit.
Seats once tipped the station out of orbit.
Oxygen once spent all the stations budget on pizza without Mothulia knowing.
The stations debt is currently -1,432.20.
On ##-##-25## lets all go to hydroponics and bully Smells. The look in their eyes will be hilarious!
Leclerc.
Rasha is harboring a disease but won't tell the crew. Lynch them.
The Syndicate do not exist. Stop asking to be antag.
There is no such thing as an "antag token". Stop asking about it in ahelps.
We removed Lavaland. Fuck you Oranges.
We rebased to SkyRat code. Please refrain from engaging in sexual intercourse this shift.
We rebased to Bay code.
Rhials Duffy is dead.
The station is actually just a scrap heap.
Now heading to.. pl_tramstation
I disabled all the races except for cloth golem. Its a free for all.
Preround is canon.
Please tell SQN to port over the singularity engies before I tell her.
Slips doesn't know how to use the HFR.
Lima station is just a disguise for a SCP facility.
Security is no longer a department. Fuck you.
Medical has been replaced with a singular cloner. Don't destroy it. You only get one.
Science has been replaced by the SCP foundation. Wait..
If you spawn in and you're a skeleton, please find the nearest coffin and go to sleep.
Chaplains are allowed to walk up to you and kick you in your crotch while saying "JESUS BE WITH YOU!".
If science doesn't catch on fire once, then is it really science?
The entire engineering department has been replaced by a singular solar. Theres no tracker either.
This advertisement is brought to you by: HELP I'M STUCK IN THE CODE AAAAAA.
There will never be a revolution or blood cult. Stop asking.
You can buy your way to being a cultist or revolutionist! Contact Jolly for his paypal.
Antagonist? Heretic? Lings? You want it? Its yours my friend! Marked as IC issue.
This tip has been marked as an IC issue.
Tell Mortimer his next ticket is marked as IC issue.
The only thing I know how to code is spaghetti. And this isn't cooking class.
Aza once beat the shit out of all the pets in sec. What a monster.
Guirec is extremely hostile. DO NOT ENGAGE.
Mortmier actually lost the court case. Oxygen took him outback one shift and capped him.
IceBox is currently back in commission. Thanks for the loan, Joey!
Teiya is just an assistant with a silver ID that tided into the bridge. Someone please get their parents.
Dendy is the only canon RD. Leclerc was just some name they gave her.
Olivia isn't in love with Guirec, shes in love with Poly.
Poly sqwaks: femboy hypnosis.
This tip is brought to you by: Relly! You are either AFK or the connection has closed.
Tracy is actually the tallest crew member. She looking kinda sus!
AI Vex is just his body managled and maimed, shoved into an AI core and called an AI.
Gah actually does eat veggies, you're all just assholes.
THIS MONTHS UPSTREAM MERGE HAD ABOUT 500 MERGE CONFLICTS AND LIKE 90% WERE DMIS. WHAT THE FUCK.
JayDelGato is missing a tail. Please pin it to them.
Magic is real. Do you believe in it?
JollyStation was founded on 1/19/2021.
Where is the tip, Jolly?
We once nuked the sounds folder, and by we I mean Jolly, who is me. And made everyone download almost 100mb of data.
Cloners were reintroduced. We didn't tell you because fuck you.
Security has been removed. Beepsky is the law.
Yulice actually tripped over their own two feet once and died.
Aza isn't missing, but turned into a female human.
Bartenders who don't splash people with their drinks aren't bartenders.
The station canonically has chefs, but they never show up.
We rebased to Paracode. Enjoy your paradise!
The Beach Episode happened yesterday. You were asleep, dummy.
Give me your money.
